Beans project
    Making Available module
        8 - 16 Feb      Initial routing, step component
        19 Feb          Create PouchDB server 
        21 Feb          Draft of 'select supplier' dialog
        22 - 28 Feb     Import .csv availability
        2 Mar           Confirm creation of PouchDB, create & update of documents, sync to CouchDB

        TO DO
        Map fields & filter the csv import, save to DB
        Skip files & filter the csv import, save to DB
        Split step
        Sift step
        Cull step
        Establish CouchDB & syncing
        Refactor all the above
        Order module
        Admin module
        Integrate finance (Xero etc)
        Integrate notifications


        NOTES
        2/3/2020
        Have now spent several days trying to implement relational-pouch in the hope of interacting with PouchDB in a relational manner. After all the data model is well known, highly relational and seems a very good fit for RDBMS. However there are exotic Typescript errors saying 'plugin is not a function' or some such, and I feel out of my depth troubleshooting it. So I sat back and re-examined database assumptions for the project, noting the following:

        1) browser-first:
            I still want a front-end/in-browser database as primary data store. I want this app to work with or without internet. So we're looking at Javascript databases - PouchDB, TaffyDB, AlaSQL.
        2) sync:
            essential. It has to EVENTUALLY sync, so PouchDB/CouchDB is still very desirable.
        3) relational: 
            I'm trained in relational schema but if 'relational-db' is painful and there is not much alternative... reconsider the db design. 
        4) schema:
            Document-based db's are schema-less (PouchDB) which does my head in a bit... but on close inspection you can certainly model for hierarchy and one-to-many relationships and others as well.
        5) realisations:
            relational db's focus on 'storing once' which fragments and obfuscates information storage
            NoSQL db's are tailored to business logic queries and the developers mindset.
            NoSQL requires the APP to handle queries rather than the db.

        All up I'll forgo a relational database layer in the app and tweak the 'schema' to reflect most common queries. General logic is APP => PouchDB <==> CouchDB. The 'sync' is actually dead easy with Pouch/Couch and I look forward to designing other data structures.
